hey guys mike on Jeff here today I'm
going to be showing you my new custom
commander Bly and on lieutenant fire
ivory decal boo so yeah there's my Bly
very glossy all credit for decals goes
to JPM 1997 you can see I am did like
what color me customs does I put half
the belt there and half the belt there
sorry ya see the arms glossy and the
back boys cape and Paul j'en comma or
whatever you guys want to call it by
minifig maker calm and the other arm
decal and then there's the back decal
the micro binoculars get out really nice
yeah they're not messed up at all I
really good I like Matt goes a lot um
yeah he just has a clone face a long
shot carbine and yeah okay now we're
going to remember to show you my
lieutenant fire all these decals are by
JP a 1997 I just made them put on my guy
but I me here's the legs and moved back
beyond so you can see them fully there's
the legs again everything's claw see say
that
um yes he has a little arm shop when he
call it easy 15 a blaster rifle and then
he has a arm that has no design on it
and then the other arm has a Senate
symbol on it and then pauldron and take
off the headset and see it in a pauldron
really nice and glossy and it's gray
beneath it so yeah and the side cheeks
are decals and guys I still use paint
and all that so the micro binoculars
read really nice but um yeah those are
my new system commander Bly and
Lieutenant thought so you like them very
common and subscribe and there will be a
new base video up within next two weeks
so yeah right bye